I think the best way to stand out is by bringing something to the table
that is uniquely yours. So, for instance, um, you know, joining PDS
a or joining psych, I I mean, that's great, but that's something a
lot of students conduce. So I think the things that are really going
to make you stand out are things like doing research with somebody
or doing an internship. Um, where you are doing something that not
every student is going to be doing and you are forming relationships
that not every student is going to form. So I think that those were
really the things that are going to make you personally in your application
stand out from the rest.